		Hello and Welcome to Swift Safe Store SSS® Software

	Swift Safe Store SSS® is a safety utility that helps protect your passwords, credit card details and documents by using encryption.

	Account Safety:
To ensure highest security, the following requirements apply to the your account login details:
Your username must be between 5 and 30 characters and must not already be initialized in the system. We urge you to provide a strong password for your account. For your security, we incorporated these requirements for the password and answer to the sequrity question. Your password and sequrity answer must be between 8 and 25 characters, and contain:
 - one capital letter
 - one lowercase letter
 - one special character
 - one number.
Your sequrity question must be between 10 and 30 characters.

	Failure to provide the correct password in more than 3 attemps results in Account Blockage. 
		
		Do not panic if this happens to you! Your files are safe and sound!

Account Blockage simply means that you must change your account password using the answer to your security question. That is why it is highly important that the answer to the security question is different than your password. In fact, you should at all times remember either your password or the security answer. 

	To Create New User:
In the Welcome Screen, please click on the button Create New User and follow the instructions.

	To change your password:
In the Welcome Screen, please click on the Password Reset button and follow the instruction by the Password Reset Wizard.

	Program Functionalities:
In this version the program has only the following functionalities...

	Finances:
This module serves for encrypting valuable .csv files of the required format and searching through them. To use this module, please follow the instructions provided. The .cvs files must contain only the following columns: "Full name", "CSC Number", "Expiration Date", "Type" and "Bank".

	Document Safety:
This module allows for safely encrypting your .csv files of any content (yey!) and any text (.txt) files. To use this module, please read the instructions provided in the Document Safety Unit. WARNING: once you decrypt your files, you must either delete them yourself, otherwise, they will stay in decryted format. The program assumes that you need the files once you click the decrypt button.

	We acknowledge the free icons that were used in our software and we are grateful to them:
-Pixaby Public Domain
-pvhc.net


	Thank you for using our software, and of course, thank your for your trust! Your privacy is our highest priority.
			
			v.1.0	
			©2017, Amherst
			Nikolov Ilija && Nzaba Raymond 
			Swift Safe Store SSS®

